we're gonna look like businessman
deliver packages but only us can you'll
know it's drugs anybody was in
possession of over 650 grams of cocaine
mandatory life white boy Rick
his name is Richard were she Junior I
was like who was this white kid you know
that was supposedly running all these
black gangs and running the city of
Detroit and when they're 17 years old
moving kilos you're at a status of drug
dealer that most 17 year-olds don't
reach
why would juvenile nonviolent drug
offender be kept in prison beyond 29
years I found out that the reality was
much different than the legend and I
knew that there were corrupt police
officers involved this thing Coleman
Young is the most powerful politician in
the history of Detroit and his niece was
Kathy volson and she was married to
Johnny curry one of the biggest drug
dealers is trying hey Polly thoughts
down at 39 was crooked if your criminal
I would advise you never to get a
nickname so they said we got a kid that
white boy law enforcement created almost
a perfect criminal the war on drugs is
over and drugs what there's still a lot
of angry people in the city of Detroit
in positions of power
I've been waiting more than he could
possibly have done to get that kind of
the sentence third-world countries don't
incarcerate like this you're not trying
to tell me that you're an angel that you
never did anything wrong
I mean I've been involved in wrongdoing
but I don't feel I did anything to
receive a life sentence
[Music]